#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
-e git+https://github.com/openedx/blockstore.git@1.2.1#egg=blockstore==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
-e common/lib/capa
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   xmodule
-e git+https://github.com/edx/codejail.git@3.1.3#egg=codejail==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
-e git+https://github.com/edx/django-wiki.git@1.1.1#egg=django-wiki
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
-e git+https://github.com/jazkarta/edx-jsme.git@690dbf75441fa91c7c4899df0b83d77f7deb5458#egg=edx-jsme
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
-e git+https://github.com/openedx/olxcleaner.git@2f0d6c7f126cbd69c9724b7b57a0b2565330a297#egg=olxcleaner
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
-e .
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
-e git+https://github.com/edx/RateXBlock.git@2.0.1#egg=rate-xblock
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
-e common/lib/safe_lxml
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
-e common/lib/sandbox-packages
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
-e openedx/core/lib/xblock_builtin/xblock_discussion
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
-e git+https://github.com/edx-solutions/xblock-google-drive.git@2d176468e33c0713c911b563f8f65f7cf232f5b6#egg=xblock-google-drive
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
-e common/lib/xmodule
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
acid-xblock==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   geoip2
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
amqp==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-tincan-py35
anyio==3.5.0
    # via starlette
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   fs
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django
    #   uvicorn
astroid==2.11.2
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   redis
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   blockstore
    #   edx-ace
    #   openedx-events
    #   pytest
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   enmerkar
    #   enmerkar-underscore
backoff==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
beautifulsoup4==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   pynliner
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
bleach[css]==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-wiki
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   ora2
    #   xblock-drag-and-drop-v2
    #   xblock-poll
bok-choy==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
boto==2.39.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edxval
boto3==1.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-ses
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   ora2
botocore==1.8.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bridgekeeper==0.9
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
celery==5.2.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   event-tracking
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   py2neo
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   pysrt
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
chem==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
click==8.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-lint
    #   nltk
    #   pact-python
    #   user-util
    #   uvicorn
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==6.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/coverage.txt
    #   pytest-cov
crowdsourcehinter-xblock==0.6
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
cryptography==36.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   pyquery
cssutils==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   pynliner
ddt==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   xblock-drag-and-drop-v2
    #   xblock-poll
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-xml
    #   ora2
    #   python3-openid
    #   python3-saml
    #   safe-lxml
    #   social-auth-core
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   jwcrypto
    #   redis
diff-cover==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/coverage.txt
dill==0.3.4
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.4
    # via virtualenv
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   blockstore
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   django-filter
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-method-override
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-multi-email-field
    #   django-mysql
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-pyfs
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-ses
    #   django-splash
    #   django-statici18n
    #   django-storages
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   django-wiki
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-sites-extensions
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-search
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-when
    #   edxval
    #   enmerkar
    #   enmerkar-underscore
    #   event-tracking
    #   help-tokens
    #   jsonfield
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
    #   ora2
    #   super-csv
    #   xss-utils
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-statici18n
django-cache-memoize==0.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-celery-results==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-classy-tags==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-sekizai
django-config-models==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
django-cors-headers==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-countries==7.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
    #   super-csv
django-environ==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   blockstore
django-fernet-fields==0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edxval
django-filter==21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   blockstore
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
django-ipware==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
django-js-asset==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-mptt
django-method-override==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-when
    #   edxval
    #   ora2
    #   super-csv
django-mptt==0.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-wiki
django-multi-email-field==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-mysql==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-oauth-toolkit==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-object-actions==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
django-pipeline==2.0.8
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-pyfs==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-ratelimit==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-require @ git+https://github.com/edx/django-require.git@0c54adb167142383b26ea6b3edecc3211822a776
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-sekizai==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-wiki
django-ses==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   ora2
django-splash==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-statici18n==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-storages==1.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edxval
django-user-tasks==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
django-waffle==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   blockstore
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-toggles
django-webpack-loader==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   blockstore
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-user-tasks
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   ora2
    #   super-csv
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   xmodule
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   botocore
done-xblock==2.0.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   blockstore
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-ace==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-api-doc-tools==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   blockstore
edx-auth-backends==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   blockstore
edx-braze-client==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-bulk-grades==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   staff-graded-xblock
edx-ccx-keys==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-celeryutils==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   super-csv
edx-completion==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   blockstore
edx-django-sites-extensions==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-django-utils==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   blockstore
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-when
    #   event-tracking
    #   ora2
    #   super-csv
edx-drf-extensions==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-when
    #   edxval
edx-enterprise==3.42.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-i18n-tools==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   ora2
edx-lint==5.2.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
edx-milestones==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-name-affirmation==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-organizations
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-user-state-client
    #   edx-when
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   openedx-events
    #   ora2
    #   xmodule
edx-organizations==6.11.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-proctoring==4.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring-proctortrack
edx-proctoring-proctortrack==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-rbac==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-rest-api-client==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
edx-search==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-sga==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-submissions==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
edx-tincan-py35==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
edx-toggles==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-name-affirmation
    #   edxval
    #   ora2
edx-user-state-client==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
edx-when==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
edxval==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-search
enmerkar==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   enmerkar-underscore
enmerkar-underscore==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
event-tracking==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-search
execnet==1.9.0
    # via pytest-xdist
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
faker==13.3.4
    # via factory-boy
fastapi==0.75.1
    # via pact-python
fastavro==1.4.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
filelock==3.6.0
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
freezegun==0.3.12
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
frozenlist==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fs==2.0.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-pyfs
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   xblock
fs-s3fs==0.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-pyfs
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   pyjwkest
geoip2==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.27
    # via transifex-client
glob2==0.7
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
h11==0.13.0
    # via uvicorn
help-tokens==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
httpretty==1.1.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
icalendar==4.0.9
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   markdown
    #   pytest-randomly
inflect==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/coverage.txt
    #   jinja2-pluralize
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
interchange==2021.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   py2neo
ipaddress==1.0.23
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   python3-saml
isort==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/coverage.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
    #   diff-cover
    #   jinja2-pluralize
jinja2-pluralize==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/coverage.txt
    #   diff-cover
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   nltk
jsondiff==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   ora2
jwcrypto==1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   pylti1p3
kombu==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   celery
laboratory==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
lazy==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   acid-xblock
    #   bok-choy
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   ora2
lazy-object-proxy==1.7.1
    # via astroid
libsass==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
loremipsum==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
lti-consumer-xblock==3.4.6
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
lxml==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edxval
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   olxcleaner
    #   openedx-calc
    #   ora2
    #   pyquery
    #   safe-lxml
    #   xblock
    #   xmlsec
mailsnake==1.6.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
mako==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   acid-xblock
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   xblock-google-drive
    #   xblock-utils
markdown==3.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-wiki
    #   staff-graded-xblock
    #   xblock-poll
markey==0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   enmerkar-underscore
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/coverage.txt
    #   chem
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   openedx-calc
    #   xblock
maxminddb==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   geoip2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mock==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   xblock-drag-and-drop-v2
    #   xblock-poll
mongodbproxy @ git+https://github.com/edx/MongoDBProxy.git@d92bafe9888d2940f647a7b2b2383b29c752f35a
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
mongoengine==0.24.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   py2neo
mpmath==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   sympy
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mysqlclient==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   blockstore
newrelic==7.10.0.175
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nltk==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   chem
nodeenv==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
numpy==1.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   chem
    #   openedx-calc
    #   scipy
oauthlib==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openedx-calc==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
openedx-events==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
openedx-filters==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
ora2==4.1.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   py2neo
    #   pytest
    #   redis
    #   tox
pact-python==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pansi==2020.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   py2neo
path==16.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   ora2
    #   staff-graded-xblock
    #   xmodule
paver==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pbr==5.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   stevedore
piexif==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pillow==9.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-organizations
platformdirs==2.5.1
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/coverage.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   edx-i18n-tools
prompt-toolkit==3.0.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   pact-python
    #   pytest-xdist
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-forked
    #   tox
py2neo @ https://github.com/overhangio/py2neo/releases/download/2021.2.3/py2neo-2021.2.3.tar.gz
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pyblake2==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   blockstore
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pycountry==22.3.5
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   pyjwkest
pydantic==1.9.0
    # via fastapi
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/coverage.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   py2neo
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
pyjwt[crypto]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pylti1p3
    #   social-auth-core
pylatexenc==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   olxcleaner
pylint==2.13.5
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
    #   pylint-pytest
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.7
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pylint-pytest==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pylti1p3==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pymongo==3.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
    #   mongodbproxy
    #   mongoengine
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pynliner==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   chem
    #   openedx-calc
    #   packaging
pyquery==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pysrt==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edxval
pytest==7.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   pylint-pytest
    #   pytest-attrib
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-json-report
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-randomly
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-attrib==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pytest-forked==1.4.0
    # via pytest-xdist
pytest-json-report==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pytest-metadata==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   pytest-json-report
pytest-randomly==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
pytest-xdist[psutil]==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   botocore
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   icalendar
    #   olxcleaner
    #   ora2
    #   xblock
python-levenshtein==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   transifex-client
python-swiftclient==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
python3-openid==3.2.0 ; python_version >= "3"
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
python3-saml==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   babel
    #   blockstore
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-ses
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-tincan-py35
    #   event-tracking
    #   fs
    #   icalendar
    #   interchange
    #   olxcleaner
    #   ora2
    #   xblock
pyuca==1.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   xblock
random2==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
recommender-xblock==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
redis==4.2.2
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
regex==2022.3.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   nltk
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   coreapi
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   geoip2
    #   mailsnake
    #   pact-python
    #   pyjwkest
    #   pylti1p3
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sailthru-client
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   tableauserverclient
    #   transifex-client
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
rules==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-proctoring
s3transfer==0.1.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   boto3
sailthru-client==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-ace
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   chem
    #   openedx-calc
selenium==3.141.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   bok-choy
semantic-version==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
shapely==1.8.1.post1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
simplejson==3.17.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   sailthru-client
    #   super-csv
    #   xblock-utils
singledispatch==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   bleach
    #   bok-choy
    #   chem
    #   click-repl
    #   codejail
    #   crowdsourcehinter-xblock
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-milestones
    #   edx-rbac
    #   event-tracking
    #   freezegun
    #   fs
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   html5lib
    #   interchange
    #   isodate
    #   libsass
    #   pact-python
    #   pansi
    #   paver
    #   py2neo
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
    #   python-swiftclient
    #   singledispatch
    #   tox
    #   transifex-client
    #   virtualenv
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-bulk-grades
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-rest-api-client
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sorl-thumbnail==12.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   django-wiki
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
soupsieve==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   blockstore
    #   django
staff-graded-xblock==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
starlette==0.17.1
    # via fastapi
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-enterprise
    #   edx-opaque-keys
super-csv==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-bulk-grades
sympy==1.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   openedx-calc
tableauserverclient==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
testfixtures==6.18.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   edx-enterprise
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   bleach
toml==0.10.2
    # via tox
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tox==3.24.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/testing.in
    #   tox-battery
tox-battery==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   nltk
transifex-client==0.14.4
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   astroid
    #   django-countries
    #   pydantic
    #   pylint
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-enterprise
unidiff==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements/edx/testing.in
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   geoip2
    #   pact-python
    #   py2neo
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   transifex-client
user-util==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
uvicorn==0.17.6
    # via pact-python
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.14.0
    # via tox
voluptuous==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   ora2
watchdog==2.1.7
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
web-fragments==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   crowdsourcehinter-xblock
    #   edx-sga
    #   staff-graded-xblock
    #   xblock
    #   xblock-utils
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   xblock
    #   xmodule
wrapt==1.11.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx/../constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   astroid
    #   deprecated
xblock==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   acid-xblock
    #   crowdsourcehinter-xblock
    #   done-xblock
    #   edx-completion
    #   edx-sga
    #   edx-user-state-client
    #   edx-when
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   ora2
    #   rate-xblock
    #   staff-graded-xblock
    #   xblock-discussion
    #   xblock-drag-and-drop-v2
    #   xblock-google-drive
    #   xblock-poll
    #   xblock-utils
xblock-drag-and-drop-v2==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
xblock-poll @ git+https://github.com/open-craft/xblock-poll@v1.12.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
xblock-utils==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   edx-sga
    #   lti-consumer-xblock
    #   staff-graded-xblock
    #   xblock-drag-and-drop-v2
    #   xblock-google-drive
xmlsec==1.3.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   python3-saml
xss-utils==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements/edx/base.txt
yarl==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/edx/base.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
